c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.deps.json
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Business.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Commons.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Entities.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Persistence.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Business.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Entities.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Persistence.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\bin\Debug\net8.0\API.Commons.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Serv.A72B4071.Up2Date
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\API.Services.dll
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\API.Services.pdb
c:\Users\joaom\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Arquivos\Arquivos importantes - Copia\Markeplace\API\API.Api\API.Services\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\API.Services.dll
